Basic document for microshift preset and minor fixes (#3573)
code-ready/crc: docs/source/topics/ref_minimum-system-requirements.adoc

[id="minimum-system-requirements-hardware_{context}"]
== Hardware requirements

{prod} is supported on AMD64, Intel 64 processor and M1 architectures.

> The {OKD} preset is not supported on the M1 architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {okd} preset is not supported on the M1 architecture.
```

* 9 GB of free memory
* 35 GB of storage space

=== For {ushift}

* 2 physical CPU cores
* 4 GB of free memory
* 35 GB of storage space

[NOTE]
====

> The {ocp}/{ushift} preset requires these minimum resources to run in the {prod} instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {ocp} and {ushift} presets require these minimum resources to run in the {prod} instance.
```
